---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gocd_config_repository Data Source - terraform-provider-gocd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gocd_config_repository (Data Source)
Fetch the details of the specified config repository by interacting with GET config repository [api](https://api.gocd.org/current/#get-a-config-repo).

## Example Usage
```terraform
data "gocd_config_repository" "sample_config_repo" {
    profile_id = gocd_config_repository.sample_config_repo.id
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `profile_id` (String) The identifier of the config repository.

### Optional

- `configuration` (Block List) The list of properties (key-value pairs) to be provided for using the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration))
- `etag` (String) Etag used to track the config repository.
- `plugin_id` (String) The name of the config repo plugin.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `material` (Set of Object) The material to be used by the config repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--material))
- `rules` (List of Object) The list of rules, which allows restricting the entities that the config repo can refer to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `encrypted_value` (String) The encrypted value of the property
- `is_secure` (Boolean) Specify whether the given property is secure or not. If true and encrypted_value is not specified, GoCD will store the value in encrypted format.
- `key` (String) The name of the property key.
- `value` (String) The value of the property


<a id="nestedatt--material"></a>
### Nested Schema for `material`

Read-Only:

- `attributes` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--material--attributes))
- `fingerprint` (String)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--material--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `material.attributes`

Read-Only:

- `auto_update` (Boolean)
- `branch` (String)
- `encrypted_password` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `url` (String)
- `username` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String)
- `directive` (String)
- `resource` (String)
- `type` (String)


