---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gocd_secret_config Data Source - terraform-provider-gocd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gocd_secret_config (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `profile_id` (String) The identifier of the secret config.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description for this secret config.
- `etag` (String) Etag used to track the secret config
- `plugin_id` (String) The identifier of the plugin to which current secret config belongs.
- `properties` (Block List) The list of configuration properties that represent the configuration of this secret config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `rules` (List of Object) The list of rules, which allows restricting the usage of the secret config. Referring to the secret config from other parts of configuration is denied by default, an explicit rule should be added to allow a specific resource to refer the secret config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Required:

- `key` (String) the name of the property key.

Optional:

- `encrypted_value` (String) The encrypted value of the property
- `is_secure` (Boolean) Specify whether the given property is secure or not. If true and encrypted_value is not specified, GoCD will store the value in encrypted format.
- `value` (String) The value of the property


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String)
- `directive` (String)
- `resource` (String)
- `type` (String)


